Added blog post about Survey 2022 (#296)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _posts/2022-06-02-survey-2022.md

---
layout: post
title: "Strimzi survey: we want to hear from you!"
date: 2021-06-02
author: paolo_patierno
---

With the help of the CNCF, we're running another survey of the Strimzi community.
The main purpose is to hear from Strimzi users in order to know how they are using Strimzi.
This is really useful to the maintainers to make better decisions in terms of new features and define the roadmap of the project itself.

> It would be great if you could take the 5–10 minutes needed to answer the 10 questions.

Reviewer: I know we have the link at the end, but I think we could afford to have a link here in the lede too.

```suggestion
It would be great if you could spare the 5–10 minutes needed to [take the survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/Strimzi-2022).
```

<!--more-->

## What we are interested in

We are interested in knowing about your usage of Strimzi, whether it's for development, evaluation or already in production.
In order to provide better support and backward compatibility, it is important to have an understanding of what Kubernetes versions our users are deploying Strimzi on.
Kubernetes API changes and deprecations can have an impact on the Strimzi project as well.

Similarly, it's helpful to the project to understand how quickly users adopt new Strimzi releases, and what prompts them to upgrade.

One of the most recent features was the Kafka Connect Build. You can read more about it [here](https://strimzi.io/blog/2021/03/29/connector-build/).
It allows to build a new Kafka Connect image including the connectors you need, from different sources.

> Maybe not all the users in the community know about it or others are already using it.

Author: @scholzj what about  "One of the most interesting features" ? .... I think that it's fair to say that because it simplifies users' lives with Kafka Connect images for adding connectors. How does it sound to you?

> Maybe not all the users in the community know about it or others are already using it.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that sounds good.
